hi guys we are still here with
in front of our new iphone 5s of
mint and we want precisely to show you the
new function given to the cd or the
fingerprint sensor that
apple has entered into the new
home button
now in the general menu and present the
item called punto taucci of e
code this is a wait item a
low because of the number
surely you are not going to see anything
after entering the code
practically unlocking at 4 c lower
obviously if you have access to the tar
this item and you are silent about the menu from la
possibility to choose whether to unlock
through fingerprints
the iphone or use the baby
purchases on itunes store and app store e
here are all mine mine
rescues 15 right thumb right nose
yes because it can also be done with his
right thumb left thumb
we add a new imprint so vi
I show on the fly I can't because
already enter five first to remove one
we remove the nose and add
the little finger
let's try minium core are standing
above how you can see the touch of
shows that he is recording precisely
this is our title here we have to
remove it raise it lower it on the button
home until the compression will be
ready it will take a little bit but here
here that recognized her now
divisions to press the second time for
take the process edges well
it will take no more than a minute here
I'm done
we press on continues to be stung by
to name 24 we can modify
going precisely on change and changing
the name
right little finger
here we have also put the name
now we block we unlock
let's try unlocked with the 1900 room there
where and here is that the iPhone 5 city
unlocks
this is the operation of the touch and
will say assumed in short but is the essential
in short, it works like this, so I hope you will
be on the useful thanks for having us
displayed and the next